**Interactive Observation**

**Frequently Wash Your Hand**

The recent outbreak of the novel Coronavirus has not only caused people's panic, but also awakened my awareness of personal hygiene (finally). The pervasive media propaganda constantly stresses that washing hands frequently is the easiest preventive means, especially with alcohol-based hand sanitizer. While I was so anxious and afraid of the virus spreading, I noticed that the school has some push-style hand sanitizer dispensers (HSDs) in D2. I believe they have been there for long, but I always ignored them until I learn how important they are. I am also glad to see that the school sets up more HSDs these days. They are now everywhere on campus: residential buildings, elevators in C2, library...Every time I “interact” with HSD, I feel both physically and psychologically comforted. But for some HSDs’ locations, I think there might be better options. For example, the one outside the gate of A2C. Immediately after people use it to disinfect, they need to hold the door handle to pull. Because of the frequent and inevitable use of most door handles, they are one of the biggest hotspots for bacteria, public handles especially. With the door handle being constructed with stainless steel, the material itself also contributes to the growth of bacteria. In this regard, the HSDs’ function and efficiency are no longer maximized. Suppose that it is installed inside the door. The “handle risk” will be reduced a lot.

If it were me two weeks ago, I would not have noticed the contradiction in this design. Only when I indeed become a person with real needs, would I be able to feel each slight interaction and the result it brings. An important lesson I learned from the first assignment is that a maker and designer should think and experience from the user’s perspective. Even a small change can make a significant improvement. I also realize that the interaction here is not only between people and HSDs, but more between the decision-maker and community members. The decision-maker pays close attention to this public health issue, and care about our community. The HSD is simply the bridge connecting the interaction among us. It conveys consciousness and affection in the whole community.
